Update README and Documentation (#362)
LASY-org/lasy: docs/source/tutorials/index.rst

Tutorials
=========

> An interactive Google Colab tutorial showing some of the main functionality of lasy can be found `here`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An interactive Google Colab tutorial showing some of the main functionalities of lasy can be found `here`_.
```

.. _here: https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1nPwgIUea6Jhzc9CSPDZXCcviWCmebjF1?usp=sharing

This document is updated on a best effort basis to keep track with developments in the lasy code base.

> Additionally, a set of static (automatically tested) examples can be found here below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document is updated on a best-effort basis to keep track with developments in the lasy code base.

Additionally, a set of static (automatically tested) examples can be found below:
```
